Fives
Three two one high
I am now suffering from 1.8G force.
The weight that represents me is about 1.8 times my usual weight.
They want my head to face forward to avoid airsickness
But now it’s time to start changing.
Because I am sitting on the European Space Agency’s zero-g force flight.
They are students who are doing research
This is Neil, he came to make sure I am safe.
We are now ready to fall free
This is a very strange thing
We are actually still climbing now.
That shot is fixed on the horizontal line
And our 10th second on the 20 second parabolic route
Will fly over the parabolic vertices and start flying towards the ground
I have to come 1.8G
(Novespace pilot) This special aircraft has three axes
Pitch, roll, yaw
One pilot operates an axis
In other aircraft, one pilot operates three axes at a time.
The other is responsible for the operating system, using the walkie-talkie, etc.
To fly this parabola, you must operate an axis by yourself.
We have to avoid any turbulence
Chaos is our nightmare
Like other airplanes, the two joysticks are fixed together.
(European Space Agency parabolic flight coordinator) to ensure that they move at the same time
(European Space Agency parabolic flight coordinator) One of the pilots effectively used
Rubber bands on both sides of the joystick
So that he won’t affect the axis of another driving
Another operation is tilted and the other is operated to roll
Also avoid disturbing the pitch axis
The Apollo 15 astronaut made a test on the moon in 1917.
Whether all objects fall at the same speed regardless of their weight without air
They used both the scorpion and the feathers to land at the same time.
"Look at it!"
But the strange thing is that if the astronaut’s nephew is lost
From the moment of the hand to the moment of landing
The scorpion will remain in a free fall state
The only gravity comes from the moon
Regardless of whether it is correct relative to our speed or direction, this calculation is correct.
This is what we have just done.
It may sound strange, but we confirmed
Then now we are ready to test again
Parabolic line every five to ten times
In order to maintain the most accurate parabola
We will change hands, especially the pitch axis, because this is the most technical level.
After five to ten times, the pilot will feel tired.
Need to switch to a more convenient axis to do the operation
Three two one high
This parabolic operation is not what the Airbus will do.
The software of this aircraft has not been modified for this purpose.
Because the modification process will be very labor intensive
So the general software will issue a warning
"You are not a good idea to do this."
One of the less busy two-axis pilots
Turn off the unimportant warning
And pay attention to the real warning
The route that the pilots fly is
An object is thrown into the air without air and the speed is several hundred kilometers
They allow passengers to fly with zero G force in the cabin protection
The speed of this aircraft is the limit of the design of the aircraft itself.
We have to reach the speed limit now and there are other restrictions.
Because it is so fast as it goes down to the ground
The plane will soon approach the surface
Thank you Neil
If you are a master of the European Space Agency
Want to be one of the people behind
Go and see the Fly Your Thesis project
Link to the information below the video
Thank you Neil
I can, I can be very good.
Going down